0.3 - no rebin (#19)
d3/d3-hexbin: README.md

> If you use NPM, `npm install d3-hexbin`. Otherwise, download the [latest release](https://github.com/d3/d3-hexbin/releases/latest). You can also load directly from [d3js.org](https://d3js.org), either as a [standalone library](https://d3js.org/d3-hexbin.v0.2.min.js). AMD, CommonJS, and vanilla environments are supported. In vanilla, a `d3_hexbin` global is exported:

Author: ```suggestion
If you use NPM, `npm install d3-hexbin`. Otherwise, download the [latest release](https://github.com/d3/d3-hexbin/releases/latest). You can also load directly from [d3js.org](https://d3js.org), either as a [standalone library](https://d3js.org/d3-hexbin.v1.min.js). AMD, CommonJS, and vanilla environments are supported. In vanilla, a `d3_hexbin` global is exported:
```

(I think we'll want to update the distribution pattern.)
